i think i found someone to produce my
next album
his name's von daniels it says he was
tried for murder he was acquitted
come in mr daniels i'm glad you're here
gray this is my girlfriend
charlie i
get the creams since you got here your
music gets sunny
that's beautiful i can smell it all over
you
and something primal you need to use
that
there's nothing that you have to hide
from me
i suffer from hallucinations
i hallucinate that i'm turning into an
animal
[Music]
what's wrong you okay we're leaving
this place is doing something it's not
this place
you can't run away from your destiny i
don't know
it's not safe for you here
do you want to be a predator or do you
want to be praying
from everyone's eyes
[Music]
you